Well the time of the story
Almost 15 years ago I was about to get married
I was at the wedding ceremony and wore the suit looked at me and my father said
Build whatever your wife is preparing to eat
Let him eat and ask for more
Without asking questions (without comment)
Well something strange has happened
I lived in a small town after marriage and did not have much money
We had to save as much as possible
By buying from the Bent and Dent store (a shop that sells canned and battered food)
This is the store we were buying from
One day my wife thought
It would be a good idea to provide in a particular commodity
Of the unusual goods they provide
And
It was a sensitive point in our marriage
Let's see if they're still available
Here we are with sauces
It's in this hallway
I have to say
The quality of this store has
Has improved significantly
They have been selling a good commodity these days (compared to what was sold in defective goods)
Look at the addition of floor
Here we are
Sloppy Joe (a kind of sauces for sandwiches made from chopped meat, onions and ketchup)
there she is
this is
It was an arthropod in my marriage
And if I bring it to my wife
You will know immediately what I mean
what are you doing?
I cook in our kitchen
Well I brought something so well
I want to see your opinion in it
Well, you know where to shop
Yeah
Well, I know where you shop
Please say - what is it -
It's the most horrible meal
I attended her in my life
Would you like to explain the story?
AA
OK
When the beginning of our marriage
We did not have much money and I was shopping
Bambent & Dent
Grocery Store
On the night she attended Sloppy Joe
Not with this brand
But in a box without a damaged brand
I attended and took a bite
And the first one I took
I stood up from the table
I threw the whole sandwich and refused to eat it
Even though I am from his cook
And you are on the other hand
I ate sandwiches and asked for more
Lest they cook again
What this has on our marriage
We are married for 15 years now
Cook dinner
Well Well
So did this thing tell me?
Yes, I have given you very much
OK
So young men, young people
If you cook your partner
All ask for more
Even if it was tasteless
And she threw herself
Smartest every day (channel name)
I thought Enki would love him
This is very fun
Did you find it difficult to find? Yup
By the way the store has changed
From any hand it changes as it contains quality goods now
Oh he had been professionally canned only damaged
Yes, it's great now what's this?
It is chicken with parmesan cheese
Lovely and grilled potatoes
That's what I'm talking about
There is a spinach salad here
I got it
And I have
I added .... fresh and some corn and cheese
That sounds good to me
O Lord, these potatoes are delicious
She improved cooking now
And also more healthy
This place has changed yes
How do you change? I mean, it was not that good
The products also improved is not it?
I hope so I think so